Add more videos and modify descriptions for current ones (#721)
wpilibsuite/frc-docs: source/docs/hardware/hardware-tutorials/motors.rst

Motors for Robotics Applications
================================

> One of the most important design decisions that teams have to deal with is selecting and designing the motor driven systems on their robot. So often the incorrect motor is chosen for a particular design yielding reduced performance, and sometimes even worse, motors failing from excessive current draw. In this series of videos, WPI Professor Ken Stafford walks through how motors work, how to design systems to operate at maximum performance, and a sample design for a robot system.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
One of the most important design decisions that teams have to deal with is selecting and designing the motor driven systems on their robot. So often the incorrect motor is chosen for a particular design yielding reduced performance and, sometimes even worse, motors failing from excessive current draw. In this series of videos, WPI Professor Ken Stafford walks through how motors work, how to design systems to operate at maximum performance, and a sample design for a robot system.
```

> One of the most important design decisions that teams have to deal with is selecting and designing the motor driven systems on their robot. So often the incorrect motor is chosen for a particular design yielding reduced performance, and sometimes even worse, motors failing from excessive current draw. In this series of videos WPI Professor Ken Stafford will walk you through how motors work, how to design systems to operate at maximum performance, and a sample design for a robot system.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
One of the most important design decisions that teams have to deal with is selecting and designing the motor driven systems on their robot. So often the incorrect motor is chosen for a particular design yielding reduced performance, and sometimes even worse, motors failing from excessive current draw. In this series of videos, WPI Professor Ken Stafford walks through how motors work, how to design systems to operate at maximum performance, and a sample design for a robot system.
```
- Comma after introductory phrase
- passive voice
